hard to not make it about capitalism, 
but yeah windows is just a different operating system. 

it's good at certain things, like I can make my book using it.
I can run

7-zip
7-zip is out of date? update cancel
files
pictures music video
where to get your x

need to be shown how to make the whole economy collaborative
and the big institute model.

best outcome clean, right.

uses the occupywallst and anonnews code, as well as freenode and javascript.
php tables hosted on my brother's server computer,  
ip address of its live version is
MySQL database and ranking system
anonnews forum

direct route to , the divine? a new way to do things that has no money?
Yes, the future could operate on this. 

a) Dyani- we need you to say something, that is, let's get rid of the money. I need the Oberlin College to get together the brain necessary.
you and david, well he may have to drop his math and take up neuroscience ;D but wish you the best of luck in New York and, I'll probably have work for him.

b) Chicago-inspired - put up that police thing tonight.
   folks will be happy to know that it's done in art instead of paperwork.

A few different concepts I wanted to get across, and maybe you got the person who's ready to do the anti-money movement in your area already at the tip of your tongue for email inbox-ing.
Please, give me a response if this sounds like you, or forward to that person :D.
Spreading the wisdom, interface,

a) online PDF which shares by wordpress file holder, to that facebook page.
b) that youtube video to, join the occupy army, hack the planet, 
c) dealing with the emotional wreck of humanity, yeah, we did some things wrong
d) here's a better way we could do the same using a lot less labor, and make our cities custom.
e) skills of computers and with no money, all.

In the future, a person might be called upon to help with what and how you can, putting together anything more complex as a collaborative project given the free materials abundantly available, and in your area. If a thing is not in your area, you could be the one to go and get. 
